.\" Manpage for keyart
.\" Aaron Toponce <aaron.toponce@gmail.com>
.TH keyart 1 "17 Jun 2014"
.SH NAME
.B keyart
\- Create ASCII art of an OpenPGP key.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B keyart
[\-c|\-\-color]
[\-f|\-\-fingerprint \fIHEX\fR [\-f|\-\-fingerprint \fIHEX\fR ...]]
[\-k|\-\-keyring \fIKEYRING\fR [\-k|\-\-keyring \fIKEYRING\fR ...]]
[\fIKEYID\fR ...]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B keyart
creates an ASCII art representation of public OpenPGP keys. The art is an
implementation of the Drunken Bishop by Dirk Loss. Documentation about the
algorithm can be found in /usr/share/doc/signing-party/keyart/, or as
appropriate for your distribution.

.B keyart
supports printing the ASCII art in both plain text (default) and ANSI
color. ANSI color uses a "heat map", where cold (blue) represents squares in
the room the drunk bishop has rarely visited, and hot (red) represents squares
in the room the drunk bishop has frequently visited. There is a 1:1 ratio of
color to printed character.

The \fIKEYID\fRs are key identifiers (fingerprint, keyid, user ID, etc.
see \fBgpg\fR(1) for details).  If no \fIKEYID\fR is given, \fBkeyart\fR
creates an ASCII art representation for all keys found.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP 8
.B \-c | \-\-color
Print the ASCII art using ANSI color to the terminal.
.TP 8
.B \-f | \-\-fingerprint \fIHEX\fR
Any arbitrary hexadecimal string of any length. Could be an MD5, SHA1, SHA2, or
SHA3 hexadecimal checksum. Useful for comparing and analyzing potential
collisions with existing keys. This option can be repeated multiple times.
.TP 8
.B \-k | \-\-keyring \fIKEYRING\fR
An OpenPGP key file or keyring, from which the \fIKEYID\fRs are
exported.  This option can be repeated multiple times to provide a list
of key files or keyrings; if this option is not present, the
\fIKEYID\fRs are used from GnuPG's default keyring.
.TP 8
.B \-h | \-\-help
Print the help message and quit.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR gpg (1)
.SH AUTHOR
.B keyart
and its documentation is written by Aaron Toponce <aaron.toponce@gmail.com>.
